>>> SHOULD DEMOCRATS IMPEACH? LET’S PLAY "HARDBALL."
LET’S PLAY "HARDBALL." >> GOOD EVENING.
>> GOOD EVENING. I’M CHRIS MATTHEWS IN
I’M CHRIS MATTHEWS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON. THE SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE, NANCY
THE SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE, NANCY PELOSI DREW A CLEAR LINE MANY
PELOSI DREW A CLEAR LINE MANY THE SAND FOR HER PARTY AND THE
THE SAND FOR HER PARTY AND THE COUNTRY WHEN ASKED ABOUT
COUNTRY WHEN ASKED ABOUT IMPEACHING PRESIDENT TRUMP.
IMPEACHING PRESIDENT TRUMP. IN A WIDE RANGERING INTERVIEW, S
IN A WIDE RANGERING INTERVIEW, S SAID I’M NOT FOR IMPEACHMENT.
SAID I’M NOT FOR IMPEACHMENT. THIS IS NEWS.
THIS IS NEWS. I’LL GIVE YOU SOME NEWS RIGHT
I’LL GIVE YOU SOME NEWS RIGHT NOW BECAUSE I HAVEN’T SAID THIS
NOW BECAUSE I HAVEN’T SAID THIS TO ANY PRESS PERSON BEFORE.
TO ANY PRESS PERSON BEFORE. IMPEACHMENT IS SO DIVISIVE TO
IMPEACHMENT IS SO DIVISIVE TO THE COUNTRY UNLESS THERE’S
THE COUNTRY UNLESS THERE’S SOMETHING SO COMPELLING AND
SOMETHING SO COMPELLING AND OVERWHELMING AND BIPARTISAN, I
OVERWHELMING AND BIPARTISAN, I DON’T THINK WE SHOULD GO DOWN
DON’T THINK WE SHOULD GO DOWN THAT PATH BECAUSE IT DIVIDES THE
THAT PATH BECAUSE IT DIVIDES THE COUNTRY AND SHE’S JUST NOT WORTH
COUNTRY AND SHE’S JUST NOT WORTH IT.
IT. TRUMP’S NOT WORTH IT.
TRUMP’S NOT WORTH IT. THIS DREW IMMEDIATE ACTION FROM
THIS DREW IMMEDIATE ACTION FROM TOM STEYER.
TOM STEYER. SPEAKER PELOSI THINKS HE’S NOT
SPEAKER PELOSI THINKS HE’S NOT WORTH IT, IS DEFENDING OUR LEGAL
WORTH IT, IS DEFENDING OUR LEGAL SYSTEM WORTH IT.
SYSTEM WORTH IT. IS HOLDING THE PRESIDENT
IS HOLDING THE PRESIDENT ACCOUNTABLE FOR HIS CRIMES WORTH
ACCOUNTABLE FOR HIS CRIMES WORTH IT?
IT? IS DOING WHAT IS RIGHT WORTH IT
IS DOING WHAT IS RIGHT WORTH IT OR SHALL AMERICA STOP FIGHTING
OR SHALL AMERICA STOP FIGHTING FOR OUR PRINCIPLES AND DO WHAT
FOR OUR PRINCIPLES AND DO WHAT IS CONVENIENT.
IS CONVENIENT. A MOMENT AGO SHE WAS ASKED ABOUT
A MOMENT AGO SHE WAS ASKED ABOUT IT.
IT. LET’S LISTEN.
LET’S LISTEN. >> SPEAKER PELOSI, WHY YOU’RE
>> SPEAKER PELOSI, WHY YOU’RE POSED TO IMPEACHMENT?
POSED TO IMPEACHMENT? WHY YOU’RE IMPOSED TO IM
WHY YOU’RE IMPOSED TO IM IMPEACHMENT RIGHT NOW?
IMPEACHMENT RIGHT NOW? >> I’VE ALWAYS BEEN OPPOSED.
>> I’VE ALWAYS BEEN OPPOSED. >> SOME HAVE BEEN DEMANDING HIS
>> SOME HAVE BEEN DEMANDING HIS IMPEACHMENT SINCE THE BEGINNING
IMPEACHMENT SINCE THE BEGINNING OF THE MUELLER PROBE.
OF THE MUELLER PROBE. >> AS FAR AS I’M CONCERNED, HE
>> AS FAR AS I’M CONCERNED, HE HAS ENOUGH VIOLATIONS.
HAS ENOUGH VIOLATIONS. HE’S BEEN INVOLVED IN A LOT OF
HE’S BEEN INVOLVED IN A LOT OF ACTIVITY THAT WE BELIEVE NEEDS
ACTIVITY THAT WE BELIEVE NEEDS TO BE MADE APPARENT.
TO BE MADE APPARENT. I BELIEVE THAT WE HAVE
I BELIEVE THAT WE HAVE EVERYTHING THAT IT NEEDS TO
EVERYTHING THAT IT NEEDS TO BASICALLY IMPEACHMENTECHACH HIM.
BASICALLY IMPEACHMENTECHACH HIM. >> I’M HERE.
>> I’M HERE. THERE’S A SENSE OF URGENCY ON MY
THERE’S A SENSE OF URGENCY ON MY PART AND MANY OF US.
PART AND MANY OF US. THIS IS NOT TO SAY WE DISAGREE.
THIS IS NOT TO SAY WE DISAGREE. I THINK EVERY SINGLE COLLEAGUE
I THINK EVERY SINGLE COLLEAGUE OF MINE AGREES THERE’S
OF MINE AGREES THERE’S IMPEACHABLE OFFENSES.
IMPEACHABLE OFFENSES. THAT’S ONE THING WE ALL AGREE
THAT’S ONE THING WE ALL AGREE ON.
ON. >> IF YOU’RE CREATING HARM TO
>> IF YOU’RE CREATING HARM TO SOCIETY, IF YOU’RE CAUSING
SOCIETY, IF YOU’RE CAUSING THINGS TO HAPPEN IN SOCIETY THAT
THINGS TO HAPPEN IN SOCIETY THAT ARE UNACCEPTABLE TO THE PEOPLE
ARE UNACCEPTABLE TO THE PEOPLE IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, AN UP FIT PRESIDENT CAN BE
AN UP FIT PRESIDENT CAN BE IMPEACHED FOR THOSE MISDEEDS
IMPEACHED FOR THOSE MISDEEDS THAT HARM AND CORRUPT SOCIETY.
THAT HARM AND CORRUPT SOCIETY. >> SARAH SANDERS TOLD NBC NEWS
>> SARAH SANDERS TOLD NBC NEWS QUOTE, IMPEACHMENT SHOULD NEVER
QUOTE, IMPEACHMENT SHOULD NEVER BE ON THE TABLE BECAUSE THE
BE ON THE TABLE BECAUSE THE PRESIDENT IS DOING A GREAT JOB.
PRESIDENT IS DOING A GREAT JOB. THAT’S HIS SPOKESPERSON.
THAT’S HIS SPOKESPERSON. SPEAKER PELOSI DID TELL THE
SPEAKER PELOSI DID TELL THE WASHINGTON THAT TRUMP IS NOT FIT
WASHINGTON THAT TRUMP IS NOT FIT TO BE PRESIDENT.
TO BE PRESIDENT. WHAT’S POWERFUL HERE IS PELOSI’S
WHAT’S POWERFUL HERE IS PELOSI’S STATEMENT ABOUT IMPEACHMENT.
STATEMENT ABOUT IMPEACHMENT. IT HAD HAD THES THE SOUNDS OF BR
IT HAD HAD THES THE SOUNDS OF BR SHE’S NOT JUST PUMPING THEM,
SHE’S NOT JUST PUMPING THEM, SHE’S SLAMMING THEM.
SHE’S SLAMMING THEM. I’M JOINED NOW BY DEMOCRATIC
I’M JOINED NOW BY DEMOCRATIC CONGRESSWOMAN OF ILLINOIS.
CONGRESSWOMAN OF ILLINOIS. WHITE HOUSE REPORTER FOR THE LOO
WHITE HOUSE REPORTER FOR THE LOO ANGELES TIMES.
ANGELES TIMES. THANK YOU FOR COMING ON TONIGHT.
THANK YOU FOR COMING ON TONIGHT. I WAS SHOCKED BY PELOSI’S
I WAS SHOCKED BY PELOSI’S STATEMENT BECAUSE IT SEEMED TO
STATEMENT BECAUSE IT SEEMED TO ME IT WASN’T -- WELL WE’RE NOT
ME IT WASN’T -- WELL WE’RE NOT GOING TO DO IT RIGHT AWAY.
GOING TO DO IT RIGHT AWAY. WE DON’T HAVE ENOUGH STUFF NOW.
WE DON’T HAVE ENOUGH STUFF NOW. IT WAS A STATEMENT OF DIRECTION.
IT WAS A STATEMENT OF DIRECTION. WE SHOULDN’T BE GOING TOWARD
WE SHOULDN’T BE GOING TOWARD LOOKING TO IMPEACH THIS GUY EVEN
LOOKING TO IMPEACH THIS GUY EVEN THOUGH HE HAVE A LOT OF EVIDENCE
THOUGH HE HAVE A LOT OF EVIDENCE ALREADY.
ALREADY. YOUR THOUGHTS.
YOUR THOUGHTS. >> WELL, I THINK THAT WHAT SHE’S
>> WELL, I THINK THAT WHAT SHE’S SAYING IS REGARDLESS OF THE
SAYING IS REGARDLESS OF THE INFORMATION, REGARDLESS OF HOW
INFORMATION, REGARDLESS OF HOW UNFIT HE IS, WE’RE WAITING FOR
UNFIT HE IS, WE’RE WAITING FOR REPUBLICAN PERMISSION TO GO
REPUBLICAN PERMISSION TO GO FORWARD AND HOLD HIM ACCOUNTABLE
FORWARD AND HOLD HIM ACCOUNTABLE FOR HIS CRIMES.
FOR HIS CRIMES. I THINK IF WE LET THE AMERICAN
I THINK IF WE LET THE AMERICAN PEOPLE SEE THROUGH HEARINGS
PEOPLE SEE THROUGH HEARINGS EXACTLY HOW LAWLESS HE IS, THEY
EXACTLY HOW LAWLESS HE IS, THEY WILL INSIST HE BE REMOVED FROM
WILL INSIST HE BE REMOVED FROM OFFICE IMMEDIATELY.
OFFICE IMMEDIATELY. >> WHAT ARTICLE OF IMPEACHMENT
>> WHAT ARTICLE OF IMPEACHMENT ARE YOU CONFIDENCE OF RIGHT NOW
ARE YOU CONFIDENCE OF RIGHT NOW HE DESERVES TO HAVE BROUGHT
HE DESERVES TO HAVE BROUGHT AGAINST HIM?
AGAINST HIM? WHAT ARTICLE?
WHAT ARTICLE? >> I THINK THE TWO MOST OBVIOUS
>> I THINK THE TWO MOST OBVIOUS ARTICLES, CHRIS, ARE OBSTRUCTION
ARTICLES, CHRIS, ARE OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE AND STRAIGHT UP
OF JUSTICE AND STRAIGHT UP CORRUPTION.
CORRUPTION. HE’S BEEN TAKING MONEY FROM
HE’S BEEN TAKING MONEY FROM FOREIGN COUNTRIES.
FOREIGN COUNTRIES. >> EXPLAIN OBSTRUCTION OF
>> EXPLAIN OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE IN A MOMENT, IF YOU CAN.
JUSTICE IN A MOMENT, IF YOU CAN. WHAT HAS HE DONE?
WHAT HAS HE DONE? I CAN SEE THINGS.
I CAN SEE THINGS. WHAT DO YOU SEE THAT HE’S DONE?
WHAT DO YOU SEE THAT HE’S DONE? MISUSING HIS POWER OF OFFICE TO
MISUSING HIS POWER OF OFFICE TO PROTECT HIMSELF.
PROTECT HIMSELF. >> I THINK HE’S DONE A NUMBER OF
>> I THINK HE’S DONE A NUMBER OF THINGS STARTING WITH FIRING MR.
THINGS STARTING WITH FIRING MR. COMEY BECAUSE HE WAS
COMEY BECAUSE HE WAS INVESTIGATING HIS RUSHSIAN
INVESTIGATING HIS RUSHSIAN CONNECTIONS.
CONNECTIONS. USING ANY MENANS TO FRUSTRATE
USING ANY MENANS TO FRUSTRATE INVAES GAGSIN
INVAES GAGSIN INVESTIGATIONS
INVESTIGATIONS INVESTIGATIONS.
INVESTIGATIONS. I THINK WE NEED PUBLIC HEARINGS
I THINK WE NEED PUBLIC HEARINGS TO LAY OUT THE EVIDENCE FOR THE
TO LAY OUT THE EVIDENCE FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE SO THEY CAN SEE
AMERICAN PEOPLE SO THEY CAN SEE EXACTLY HOW LAWLESS THIS
EXACTLY HOW LAWLESS THIS PRESIDENT IS, CHRIS.
PRESIDENT IS, CHRIS. >> LET ME GO TO CONGRESSWOMAN.
>> LET ME GO TO CONGRESSWOMAN. YOU KNOW THE SPEAKER QUITE WELL.
YOU KNOW THE SPEAKER QUITE WELL. TELL ME WHAT YOU THINK MOTIVATED
TELL ME WHAT YOU THINK MOTIVATED HER DECISION TO MAKE A BOLD
HER DECISION TO MAKE A BOLD STATEMENT TODAY?
STATEMENT TODAY? >> SHE ADDED ON BY SAYING UNLESS
>> SHE ADDED ON BY SAYING UNLESS THERE WERE SUCH COMPELLING
THERE WERE SUCH COMPELLING EVIDENCE THAT THE MAJORITY OF
EVIDENCE THAT THE MAJORITY OF AMERICANS WOULD AGREE, IT WOULD
AMERICANS WOULD AGREE, IT WOULD BE VERY DIDIVISIVE.
BE VERY DIDIVISIVE. IT’S HARD TO DISAGREE WITH THAT.
IT’S HARD TO DISAGREE WITH THAT. WHEN MIXNIXON WAS ITCHMPEACHED B
WHEN MIXNIXON WAS ITCHMPEACHED B WHEN THE TAPES CAME OUT, THEY
WHEN THE TAPES CAME OUT, THEY SAID IT’S TIME FOR HIM TO GO.
SAID IT’S TIME FOR HIM TO GO. WE’RE NOT AT THAT POINT.
WE’RE NOT AT THAT POINT. IF WE GO INTO IMPEACHMENT
IF WE GO INTO IMPEACHMENT HEARINGS, THAT WILL SUCK UP THE
HEARINGS, THAT WILL SUCK UP THE NEWS, ALL THE ENERGY IN OUR
NEWS, ALL THE ENERGY IN OUR COUNTRY.
COUNTRY. WE NEED TO DO THINGS LIKE LOWER
WE NEED TO DO THINGS LIKE LOWER PRESCRIPTION DRUG PRICES, TO
PRESCRIPTION DRUG PRICES, TO CONTINUE ON WITH THE AGENDA OF
CONTINUE ON WITH THE AGENDA OF THE PEOPLE.
THE PEOPLE. MAKING HEALTH CARE MORE
MAKING HEALTH CARE MORE AFFORDABLE
AFFORDABLE AFFORDABLE.
AFFORDABLE. INCREASING WAGES.
INCREASING WAGES. THOSE ARE THINGS THAT PEOPLE
THOSE ARE THINGS THAT PEOPLE COME HOME AND TALK ABOUT.
COME HOME AND TALK ABOUT. I FEAR THAT AGENDA WOULD BE OFF
I FEAR THAT AGENDA WOULD BE OFF THE TABLE.
THE TABLE. >> EVERYBODY THAT COMES UP TO ME
>> EVERYBODY THAT COMES UP TO ME AND EVERY ONE OF MY COLLEAGUES,
AND EVERY ONE OF MY COLLEAGUES, YOU’RE THE EXPERT, THE
YOU’RE THE EXPERT, THE POLITICIAN, THEY COME UP TO US
POLITICIAN, THEY COME UP TO US AND YOU KNOW THEY ASK THIS, WHEN
AND YOU KNOW THEY ASK THIS, WHEN WILL THEY IMPEACHMENT THIS GUY
WILL THEY IMPEACHMENT THIS GUY THAT’S THE QUESTION.
THAT’S THE QUESTION. YOU HIT OVER AND OVER AGAIN AND
YOU HIT OVER AND OVER AGAIN AND REGULAR PEOPLE THAT AREN’T
REGULAR PEOPLE THAT AREN’T PROGRESSIVE.
PROGRESSIVE. THEY THINK HE’S ON THE VERGE OF
THEY THINK HE’S ON THE VERGE OF FACING.
FACING. DO YOU THINK THE REPUBLICANS
DO YOU THINK THE REPUBLICANS WILL BACK HIM OR WON’T BACK HIM
WILL BACK HIM OR WON’T BACK HIM IF HE FIRES MUELLER?
IF HE FIRES MUELLER? IF HE GOES AFTER THE KIDS,
IF HE GOES AFTER THE KIDS, EVERYBODY FIGURES HE WILL FIRE
EVERYBODY FIGURES HE WILL FIRE THEM.
THEM. DO YOU THINK THE REPUBLICANS
DO YOU THINK THE REPUBLICANS WILL TURN ON HIM?
WILL TURN ON HIM? >> I THINK THERE MAY BE A
>> I THINK THERE MAY BE A TIPPING POINT.
TIPPING POINT. >> WHAT WILL IT BE?
>> WHAT WILL IT BE? SHOOTING SOMEONE ON FIFTH
SHOOTING SOMEONE ON FIFTH AVENUE.
AVENUE. DOES HE HAVE TO PULL THE
DOES HE HAVE TO PULL THE TRIGGER.
TRIGGER. >> IF HE FIRES MUELLER, THAT
>> IF HE FIRES MUELLER, THAT COULD BE THE TRIGGERING THING
COULD BE THE TRIGGERING THING THAT PEOPLE SAID, OKAY.
THAT PEOPLE SAID, OKAY. THAT IS A STEP TOO FAR.
THAT IS A STEP TOO FAR. IN THE MEANTIME, CHRIS, WE
IN THE MEANTIME, CHRIS, WE AREN’T JUST SITTING AROUND
AREN’T JUST SITTING AROUND WATCHING HIM DO WHAT HE DOES.
WATCHING HIM DO WHAT HE DOES. THERE ARE SERIOUS INVESTIGATIONS
THERE ARE SERIOUS INVESTIGATIONS AND WE’RE PREPARING, PERHAPS,
AND WE’RE PREPARING, PERHAPS, FOR A TIME WHEN IMPEACHMENT IS
FOR A TIME WHEN IMPEACHMENT IS ON THE TABLE.
ON THE TABLE. RIGHT NOW IT WOULD SUCK UP ALL
RIGHT NOW IT WOULD SUCK UP ALL THE AIR, ALL THE ENERGY AND WE
THE AIR, ALL THE ENERGY AND WE COULDN’T DO.
COULDN’T DO. I DON’T HEAR THAT SO MUCH FROM
I DON’T HEAR THAT SO MUCH FROM MY CONSTITUENTS.